Code base for UBC M.Sc. Computer Science thesis project facilitating the experimental exploration of the thesis' proposed mixed-precision approach of precision-cascading. Precision-cascading is a simple inter-iteration approach to applying mixed-precision to a general iterative algorithm. It involves tightening precision formats from early high-speed low-accuracy formats to latter low-speed high-accuracy formats, transitioning according to tracked runtime state data of the solver, to utilize computational efficiency improvements from low accuracy precisions while still building towards an ultimate high accuracy solution associated with the latter high accuracy precisions. The completed thesis, which describes the concept, code base, and explains the experimental usage of the code base and associated results, is located at http://hdl.handle.net/2429/91891.

Code base facilitates C++/CUDA GPU-accelerated experimentation with the precision-cascading approach on the restarted GMRES algorithm, spanning the user facing I/O to the granular calls to GPU kernels. This includes:
- GPU-accelerated linear algebra infrastructure handling control of Nvidia cuBLAS and cuSPARSE kernels, efficient implementation of large data storage on the GPU device to reduce communication overhead, and both dense and sparse implementations.
- Complex and efficient solver and preconditioner template classes (fixed-precision (FP) GMRES(m), precision-cascading (variable-precision -- VP) GMRES(m), dense/sparse ILU) which optimize memory footprint, and through template metaprogramming reduce code duplication while allowing operable implementations for dense/sparse implementation and half, single, and double precision formats.
- A large test module guaranteeing robustness through TDD guided construction of the code base including black box unit testing of all constructed code, additional white box unit testing of the core GMRES algorithm, and integration testing of infrastructure through additionally implemented simple solvers and preconditioners (Jacobi, SOR, MatrixInverse).
- Experimentation and benchmark modules facilitating custom experimentation setups through user I/O JSONs, facilitating both the experimentation of the thesis as well as allowing future additional experimentation with different experimental variables further exploring the interaction of restarted GMRES and precision-cascading.
- Python-based data analysis Jupyter notebooks allowing the repetition and transparency of all experimental results described in the thesis.
